# Whats up in Jellyplist v0.1.9?
## âš ï¸ BREAKING CHANGE: docker-compose.yml
>[!WARNING]
>In this release IÂ´ve done some rework so now the setup is a bit easier, because you donÂ´t have to spin up the -worker -beat container, these are now all in the default container and managed via supervisor. This means you have to update your `docker-compose.yml` when updating! 

So now your compose file should look more or less like this

```yaml
services:
  redis:
    image: redis:7-alpine
    container_name: redis
    volumes:
      - redis_data:/data
    networks:
      - jellyplist-network
  postgres:
    container_name: postgres-jellyplist
    image: postgres:17.2
    environment:
      POSTGRES_USER: ${POSTGRES_USER}
      POSTGRES_PASSWORD: ${POSTGRES_PASSWORD}
      PGDATA: /data/postgres
    volumes:
       - /jellyplist_pgdata/postgres:/data/postgres
    networks:
      - jellyplist-network
    restart: unless-stopped
  
  jellyplist:
    container_name: jellyplist
    image: ${IMAGE}
    depends_on: 
      - postgres
      - redis
    ports:
      - "5055:5055"
    networks:
      - jellyplist-network
    volumes:
      - /jellyplist/cookies.txt:/jellyplist/cookies.txt
      - /jellyplist/open.spotify.com_cookies.txt:/jellyplist/spotify-cookie.txt
      - ${MUSIC_STORAGE_BASE_PATH}:${MUSIC_STORAGE_BASE_PATH}
      - /my/super/cool/storage/jellyplist/settings.yaml:/jellyplist/settings.yaml
    env_file:
      - .env

networks:
  jellyplist-network:
    driver: bridge

volumes:
    postgres:
    redis_data:
```
And the `.env` File
```env
IMAGE = ghcr.io/kamilkosek/jellyplist:latest
POSTGRES_USER = jellyplist
POSTGRES_PASSWORD = jellyplist
SECRET_KEY = supersecretkey  # Secret key for session management
JELLYFIN_SERVER_URL = http://<jellyfin_server>:8096  # Default to local Jellyfin server
JELLYFIN_ACCESS_TOKEN = <jellyfin access token>
JELLYFIN_ADMIN_USER = <jellyfin admin username>
JELLYFIN_ADMIN_PASSWORD = <jellyfin admin password>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_ID = <spotify client id>
SPOTIFY_CLIENT_SECRET = <spotify client secret>
JELLYPLIST_DB_HOST = postgres-jellyplist
JELLYPLIST_DB_USER = jellyplist
JELLYPLIST_DB_PASSWORD = jellyplist
LOG_LEVEL = INFO
LIDARR_API_KEY = <lidarr api key>
LIDARR_URL = http://<lidarr server>:8686
LIDARR_MONITOR_ARTISTS = false
SPOTIFY_COOKIE_FILE = '/jellyplist/spotify-cookie.txt'
MUSIC_STORAGE_BASE_PATH = '/storage/media/music'

``` 
### ðŸ†• Log Viewer
Under the `Admin`  Page there is now a tab called `Logs` from where you can view the current logs, change the log-level on demand and copy a prepared markdown snippet ready to be pasted into a GitHub issue. 

### ðŸ†• New env varÂ´s, a bit more control over spotDL
#### `SPOTDL_PROXY` 
Set a Proxy for spotDL. See [https://spotdl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/#command-line-options](https://spotdl.readthedocs.io/en/latest/usage/#command-line-options)
#### `SPOTDL_OUTPUT_FORMAT`
Set the output folder and file name format for downloaded tracks via spotDL. Not all variables, which are supported by spotDL are supported by Jellyplist. 
- `{title}`
- `{artist}`
- `{artists}`
- `{album}`

This way you will have a bit more controler over how the files are stored. 
The complete output path is joined from `MUSIC_STORAGE_BASE_PATH` and `SPOTDL_OUTPUT_FORMAT`

_*Example:*_

`MUSIC_STORAGE_BASE_PATH = /storage/media/music`

and 

`SPOTDL_OUTPUT_FORMAT = /{artist}/{album}/{title}`

The Track is _All I Want for Christmas Is You by Mariah Carey_ this will result in the following folder structure:

`/storage/media/music/Mariah Carey/Merry Christmas/All I Want for Christmas Is You.mp3`

### ðŸ†• Admin Users can now add Playlists to multiple Users
Sometimes I want to add a playlist to several users at once, because itÂ´s either a _generic_  one or because my wife doesnÂ´t want to bother with the technical stuff ðŸ˜¬
So now, when logged in as an admin user, when adding a playlist you can select users from your Jellyfin server which will also receive it. 
Under `Admin` you can also select users which will be preselected by default. These will be stored in the file `settings.yaml`. 
You can or should map this file to a file outside the container, so it will persist accross image updates (see compose sample above)

### ðŸ†• New `env` var `QUALITY_SCORE_THRESHOLD`
Get a better control over the `update_jellyfin_id_for_downloaded_tracks()` behaviour. 
Until now this tasks performed a __full update__ every 24h: This means, every track from every playlist was searched through the Jellyfin API with the hope of finding the same track but with a better quality. While this is ok and works fine for small libraries, this tasks eats a lot of power on large libraries and also takes time.
So there is now the new `env` variable  `QUALITY_SCORE_THRESHOLD` (default: `1000.0`). When a track was once found with a quality score above 1000.0, Jellyplist wont try to perform another `quality update` anymore on this track.
In order to be able to classify it a little better, here are a few common quality scores: 
- spotDL downloaded track without yt-music premium: `< 300`
- spotDL downloaded track **with** yt-music premium: `< 450`
- flac `> 1000`

>[!TIP]
>Want to know what quality score (and many other details) a track has ? Just double-click the table row in the playlist details view to get all the infoÂ´s! 

### Other changes, improvements and fixes
- Fix for #38 and #22 , where the manual task starting was missing a return value
- Fixed an issue where the content-type of a playlist cover image, would cause the Jellyfin API Client to fail. Thanks @artyorsh
- Fixed missing lock keys to task manager and task status rendering
- Pinned postgres version to 17.2
- Enhanced error logging in tasks
- several fixes and improvements for the Jellyfin API Client

